miRNA ID	Disease
hsa-let-7a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-let-7a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-let-7a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a	Chordoma
hsa-let-7a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a	Leukemia
hsa-let-7a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-let-7a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-let-7b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Chordoma
hsa-let-7b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Leukemia
hsa-let-7b	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-let-7c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-let-7c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Chordoma
hsa-let-7c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Leukemia
hsa-let-7c	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-let-7c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-let-7c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7c	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-let-7d	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-let-7d	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Chordoma
hsa-let-7d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Leukemia
hsa-let-7d	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7d	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-let-7d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7d	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-let-7e	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-let-7e	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Chordoma
hsa-let-7e	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7e	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Leukemia
hsa-let-7e	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7e	Mesothelioma
hsa-let-7e	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7f	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-let-7f	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7f	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f	Leukemia
hsa-let-7f	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7f	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-let-7f	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7f	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-let-7g	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-let-7g	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Chordoma
hsa-let-7g	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7g	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Leukemia
hsa-let-7g	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7g	Mesothelioma
hsa-let-7g	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-let-7g	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7g	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-let-7i	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-let-7i	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Chordoma
hsa-let-7i	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-let-7i	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Leukemia
hsa-let-7i	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7i	Mesothelioma
hsa-let-7i	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-let-7i	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-let-7i	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-100	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-100	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Chordoma
hsa-mir-100	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-100	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Leukemia
hsa-mir-100	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-100	Melanoma
hsa-mir-100	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-100	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-100	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-100	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-101	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-101	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-101	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Leukemia
hsa-mir-101	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Melanoma
hsa-mir-101	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-101	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-101	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-101	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-101	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-103a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-103a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-103a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-103a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-103b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-103b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-105	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-105	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Leukemia
hsa-mir-105	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-105	Melanoma
hsa-mir-105	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-106a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-106a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-106a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-106a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-106a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-106a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-106b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-106b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-106b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-106b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-106b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-106b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-106b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-106b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-106b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-107	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Chordoma
hsa-mir-107	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-107	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Leukemia
hsa-mir-107	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-107	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-107	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-107	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-10a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-10a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-10a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-10a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-10a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-10a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-10a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-10a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-10b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-10b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-10b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-10b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-10b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-10b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1179	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1179	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1179	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1180	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1180	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1180	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1180	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1180	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1180	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1180	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1180	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1180	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1181	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1181	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1181	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1181	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1183	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1183	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1183	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1183	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1183	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1183	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1183	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1183	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1183	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1183	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1183	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1183	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1184	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1184	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1184	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1184	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1184	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1184	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1202	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1202	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1202	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1202	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1202	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1207	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-1207	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1207	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1207	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1207	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1207	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1207	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-122	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-122	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-122	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-122	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1224	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1224	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1224	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1224	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1224	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1224	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1224	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1227	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1227	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1227	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1227	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1228	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-1228	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1228	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1228	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1228	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1228	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1228	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1228	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1228	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1228	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1228	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1228	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1229	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1229	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1229	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1231	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1231	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1231	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1231	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1231	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1233	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1233	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1233	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1233	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-1234	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1234	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1234	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1234	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1234	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1234	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1236	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1236	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1236	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1236	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1236	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1236	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1236	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1236	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1236	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1236	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-124	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-124	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-124	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-124a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-124a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-124a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-124a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-124a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1245b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1246	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1246	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1246	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1246	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1246	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1247	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1247	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1247	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1247	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1247	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1247	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1247	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-1249	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1249	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1249	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1249	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1249	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1254	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1254	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1254	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1254	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1254	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1254	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1256	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1256	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1256	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1256	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-1258	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1258	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1258	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1258	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-125a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-125a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-125a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-125a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-125a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-125a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-125b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-125b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-125b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-125b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-125b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-126	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-126	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Chordoma
hsa-mir-126	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-126	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Leukemia
hsa-mir-126	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-126	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-126	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1260a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1260a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1260a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1260a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1260a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1260a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1266	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1266	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1266	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1266	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1266	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-127	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-127	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Chordoma
hsa-mir-127	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-127	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Leukemia
hsa-mir-127	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-127	Melanoma
hsa-mir-127	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-127	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1271	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1271	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1271	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1271	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1271	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1273c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273c	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1273c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1275	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1275	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1275	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1275	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-128	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-128	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-128	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-128	Melanoma
hsa-mir-128	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-128	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-128	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1285	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1285	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1285	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1285	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1286	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1286	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1286	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1286	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1286	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1286	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1286	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1286	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1286	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1286	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1287	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1287	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1287	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1287	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1287	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1287	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-129	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-129	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-129	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-129	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1290	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1290	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1290	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1290	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1290	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1290	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1290	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-1293	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1293	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1293	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1293	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1293	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1296	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1296	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1296	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1296	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1296	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1297	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1297	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1299	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1299	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1299	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1299	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1299	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1299	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1299	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1299	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1299	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1299	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1299	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1301	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-1301	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1301	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1301	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1301	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1302	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1302	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1303	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-1303	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-1303	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1305	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1305	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1305	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-1305	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-130a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-130a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-130a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-130a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-130a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-130a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-130a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-130b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-130b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-130b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-130b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-130b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-130b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-130b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-130b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-130b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-130b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-132	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Chordoma
hsa-mir-132	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-132	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-132	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Leukemia
hsa-mir-132	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-132	Melanoma
hsa-mir-132	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-132	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-132	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-132	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1322	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1323	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-133a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-133a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-133a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-133a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-133a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-133a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-133a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-133a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-133b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-133b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-133b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-133b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-133b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-133b	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-133b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-134	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-134	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-134	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-134	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Leukemia
hsa-mir-134	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-134	Melanoma
hsa-mir-134	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-134	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-134	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-135a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-135a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-135a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-135a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-135a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-135a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-135a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-135b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-135b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-135b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-135b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-135b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-135b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-135b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-136	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-136	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-136	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-136	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Leukemia
hsa-mir-136	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-136	Melanoma
hsa-mir-136	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-136	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-136	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-136	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-137	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-137	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Leukemia
hsa-mir-137	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-137	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-137	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-137	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-137	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-138	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-138	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-138	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-138	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-138	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-139	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-139	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-139	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-139	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Leukemia
hsa-mir-139	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Melanoma
hsa-mir-139	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-139	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-139	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-139	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-139	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-140	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-140	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-140	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Leukemia
hsa-mir-140	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-140	Melanoma
hsa-mir-140	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-140	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-140	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-140	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-141	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-141	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-141	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Leukemia
hsa-mir-141	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-141	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-141	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-142	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-142	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-142	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-142	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Leukemia
hsa-mir-142	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-142	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-142	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-142	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-143	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Chordoma
hsa-mir-143	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-143	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-143	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-143	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-143	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-143	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-143	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-144	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-144	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Leukemia
hsa-mir-144	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-144	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-144	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-144	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-144	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-145	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Chordoma
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-145	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Leukemia
hsa-mir-145	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-145	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-145	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-145	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1469	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1469	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1469	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1469	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-146a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-146a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-146a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-146a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-146a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-146b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-146b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-146b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-146b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-146b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-146b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-146b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-146b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1471	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1471	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1471	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1471	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1471	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1471	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1471	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1471	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1471	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-147b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-148a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-148a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-148a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-148a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-148a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-148a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-148a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-148b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-148b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-148b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-148b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-148b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-148b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-148b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-149	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Chordoma
hsa-mir-149	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-149	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-149	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Leukemia
hsa-mir-149	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-149	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-149	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-149	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-149	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-149	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-149	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-150	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-150	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Chordoma
hsa-mir-150	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-150	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Melanoma
hsa-mir-150	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-150	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-150	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-151	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Chordoma
hsa-mir-151	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-151	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-151	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Leukemia
hsa-mir-151	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-151	Melanoma
hsa-mir-151	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-151	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-151a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-151a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-151a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-151b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-151b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-151b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-151b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-152	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-152	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Leukemia
hsa-mir-152	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-152	Melanoma
hsa-mir-152	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-152	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-153	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-153	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Leukemia
hsa-mir-153	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-153	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-153	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-153	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-153	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-154	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-154	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-154	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-154	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Leukemia
hsa-mir-154	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-154	Melanoma
hsa-mir-154	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-154	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-155	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia
hsa-mir-155	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-155	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-155	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-155	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-15a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-15a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-15a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-15a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-15b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-15b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-15b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-15b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-15b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-15b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-15b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-15b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-15b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-15b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-15b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-16	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-16	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Chordoma
hsa-mir-16	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-16	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-16	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-16	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-16	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-17	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-17	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Chordoma
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-17	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-17	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-17	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-181a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-181a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-181a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-181a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-181a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-181a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-181a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-181b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-181b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-181b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-181b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-181b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-181b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-181b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-181b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-181c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-181c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-181c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181c	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-181c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-181c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-181c	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-181d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-181d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Leukemia
hsa-mir-181d	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181d	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181d	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-181d	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-182	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-182	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Leukemia
hsa-mir-182	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-182	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-182	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-182	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-182	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-182	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1827	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1827	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1827	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1827	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1827	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1827	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1827	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-183	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-183	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Leukemia
hsa-mir-183	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-183	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-183	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-183	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-183	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-183	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-184	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-184	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-184	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Leukemia
hsa-mir-184	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Melanoma
hsa-mir-184	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-184	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-184	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-185	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Chordoma
hsa-mir-185	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-185	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-185	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Leukemia
hsa-mir-185	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-185	Melanoma
hsa-mir-185	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-185	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-185	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-185	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-186	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-186	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Leukemia
hsa-mir-186	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-186	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-186	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-186	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-186	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-187	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-187	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Leukemia
hsa-mir-187	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-187	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-187	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-187	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-187	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-187	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-188	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-188	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-188	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Leukemia
hsa-mir-188	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-188	Melanoma
hsa-mir-188	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-188	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-188	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-188	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-18a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-18a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-18a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-18a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-18a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-18b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-18b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-18b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-18b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-18b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-18b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1909	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1909	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1909	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-190a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-190b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-190b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-190b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-190b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-190b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-191	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Chordoma
hsa-mir-191	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-191	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Leukemia
hsa-mir-191	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-191	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-191	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-191	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1915	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1915	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1915	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1915	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1915	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-192	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-192	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Leukemia
hsa-mir-192	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-192	Melanoma
hsa-mir-192	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-192	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-192	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-192	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-193a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-193a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-193a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-193a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-193a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-193a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-193b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-193b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-193b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-193b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-193b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-193b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-193b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-193b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-193b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-193b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-193b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-194	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-194	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-194	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Leukemia
hsa-mir-194	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-194	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-194	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-194	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-195	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-195	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Chordoma
hsa-mir-195	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-195	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Leukemia
hsa-mir-195	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-195	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-195	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-195	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-195	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-196a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-196a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-196a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-196a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-196a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-196a	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-196a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-196a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-196a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-196a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-196b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-196b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-196b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-196b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-196b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-196b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-196b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-197	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Leukemia
hsa-mir-197	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-197	Melanoma
hsa-mir-197	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-1972	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1972	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1972	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1972	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1972	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-1972	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1972	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-198	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Leukemia
hsa-mir-198	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-198	Melanoma
hsa-mir-198	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-198	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-198	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-199a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-199a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-199a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-199a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-199a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-199a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-199a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-199a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-199a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-199b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-199b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-199b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-199b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-199b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-199b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-199b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-19a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-19a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-19a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-19a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-19a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-19a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-19a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-19a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-19b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-19b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-19b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-19b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-200a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-200a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-200a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-200a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-200b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-200b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-200b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-200b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-200b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-200b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-200c	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-200c	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-200c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-200c	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-202	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-202	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-202	Melanoma
hsa-mir-202	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-202	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-202	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-202	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-202	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-203	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-203	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-204	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-204	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-204	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Leukemia
hsa-mir-204	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-204	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-204	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-204	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-205	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-205	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Leukemia
hsa-mir-205	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-205	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-205	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-206	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-206	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Leukemia
hsa-mir-206	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-206	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-206	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-206	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-208a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-208a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-208a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-208b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-208b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-208b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-208b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-20a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-20a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-20a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-20a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-20a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-20a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-20b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-20b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-20b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-20b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-20b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-20b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-21	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-21	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-21	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-21	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-210	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-210	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-210	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Leukemia
hsa-mir-210	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-210	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-210	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-210	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-210	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-210	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-211	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-211	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Leukemia
hsa-mir-211	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-211	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-211	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-2110	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-2110	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-2110	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Melanoma
hsa-mir-2110	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-212	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-212	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Leukemia
hsa-mir-212	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-212	Melanoma
hsa-mir-212	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-212	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-212	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-214	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-214	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-214	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-214	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-214	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-214	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-215	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-215	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-215	Leukemia
hsa-mir-215	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-215	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-215	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-215	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-216a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-216a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-216b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-216b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-217	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-217	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Leukemia
hsa-mir-217	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-217	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-218	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-218	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-218	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-218	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-219	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-219	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Leukemia
hsa-mir-219	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-219	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-219	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-219	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-22	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-22	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-22	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Leukemia
hsa-mir-22	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-22	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-22	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-22	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-22	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-221	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-221	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Chordoma
hsa-mir-221	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Leukemia
hsa-mir-221	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-221	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-221	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-221	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-221	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-222	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-222	Chordoma
hsa-mir-222	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-222	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Leukemia
hsa-mir-222	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-222	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-222	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-222	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-222	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-223	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-223	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-223	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia
hsa-mir-223	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-223	Melanoma
hsa-mir-223	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-223	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-223	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-224	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-224	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Leukemia
hsa-mir-224	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-224	Melanoma
hsa-mir-224	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-224	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-224	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-224	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-2355	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-2355	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Melanoma
hsa-mir-2355	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-23a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-23a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-23a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-23a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-23a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-23a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-23a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-23b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-23b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-23b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-23b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-23b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-23b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-23b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-23b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-23b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-189	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-189	Leukemia
hsa-mir-189	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-189	Melanoma
hsa-mir-189	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-189	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-24	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-24	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Chordoma
hsa-mir-24	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-24	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Melanoma
hsa-mir-24	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-24	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-24	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-24	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-25	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-25	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Leukemia
hsa-mir-25	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-25	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-25	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-26a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-26a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-26a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-26a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-26a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-26a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-26a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-26a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-26b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-26b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-26b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-26b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-26b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-26b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-26b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-26b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-26b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-27a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-27a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-27a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-27a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-27a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-27a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-27a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-27b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-27b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-27b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-27b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-27b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-27b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-28	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-28	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Chordoma
hsa-mir-28	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-28	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-28	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Leukemia
hsa-mir-28	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-28	Melanoma
hsa-mir-28	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-28	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-28	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-28	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2861	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2861	Chordoma
hsa-mir-2861	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2861	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-2861	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2861	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2861	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-2861	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-296	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-296	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Leukemia
hsa-mir-296	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-296	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-296	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-297	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-297	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-297	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-298	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-298	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-298	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-299	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-299	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-299	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-299	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Leukemia
hsa-mir-299	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-299	Melanoma
hsa-mir-299	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-299	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-299	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-299	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-299	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-29a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-29a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-29a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-29a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-29a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-29a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-29a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-29b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-29b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-29b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-29b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-29b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-29b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-29b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-29c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-29c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-29c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-29c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-29c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-29c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-29c	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-300	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-300	Melanoma
hsa-mir-300	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-300	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-301a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-301a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-301a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-301a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-301a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-301a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-301a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-301a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-301a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-301a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-301a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-301b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-301b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-301b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-301b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-301b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-302a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-302a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-302a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-302a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-302b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-302b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-302b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-302c	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-302c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-302d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-302d	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-302d	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302e	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-302e	Leukemia
hsa-mir-302e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Melanoma
hsa-mir-302e	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302f	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Melanoma
hsa-mir-302f	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-30a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-30a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-30a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-30a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-30a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-30a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-30b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-30b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-30b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-30b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-30b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-30c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Chordoma
hsa-mir-30c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-30c	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-30c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-30c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-30c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-30c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-30c	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-30d	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-30d	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Chordoma
hsa-mir-30d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Leukemia
hsa-mir-30d	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-30d	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-30d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-30d	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-30e	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-30e	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-30e	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30e	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30e	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Leukemia
hsa-mir-30e	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-30e	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-30e	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-30e	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-30e	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-31	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-31	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-31	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-31	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-3130	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-3130	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-3130	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130	Melanoma
hsa-mir-3130	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3148	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3148	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3148	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-3148	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3151	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3151	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3151	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3151	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-3151	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3151	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3151	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3163	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3163	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-3163	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3179	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-3179	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3179	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3186	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3186	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3186	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-3186	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3186	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3196	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3196	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3196	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-3196	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3196	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3196	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3196	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-32	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-32	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-32	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-32	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-32	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Leukemia
hsa-mir-32	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-32	Melanoma
hsa-mir-32	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-32	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-32	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-32	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-32	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-320a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-320a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-320a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-320a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-320b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-320b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-320b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-320b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-320b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-320b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-320c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-320c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-320c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-320c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-320c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-320d	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Chordoma
hsa-mir-320d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-320d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-320d	Melanoma
hsa-mir-320d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-320d	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320e	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320e	Chordoma
hsa-mir-320e	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320e	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-320e	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320e	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320e	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-323a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-323a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-323a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-323b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-323b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-323b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-324	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-324	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-324	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Leukemia
hsa-mir-324	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-324	Melanoma
hsa-mir-324	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-324	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-324	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-325	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-325	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-325	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-326	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-326	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-326	Melanoma
hsa-mir-326	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-326	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-328	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-328	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-328	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Leukemia
hsa-mir-328	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-328	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-328	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-328	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-329	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-329	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-329	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-329	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-329	Melanoma
hsa-mir-329	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-329	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-329	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-329	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-329	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-330	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-330	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Leukemia
hsa-mir-330	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-330	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-330	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-331	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-331	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-331	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-331	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-331	Melanoma
hsa-mir-331	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-331	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-331	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-335	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-335	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Leukemia
hsa-mir-335	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-335	Melanoma
hsa-mir-335	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-335	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-337	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-337	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-337	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-337	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Leukemia
hsa-mir-337	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-337	Melanoma
hsa-mir-337	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-337	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-337	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-338	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-338	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Leukemia
hsa-mir-338	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-338	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-338	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-338	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-338	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-339	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Chordoma
hsa-mir-339	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-339	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-339	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-339	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-339	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-339	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-339	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-33a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-33a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-33a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-33a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-33a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-33a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-33a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-33a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-33b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-33b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-33b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-33b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-33b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-33b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-33b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-33b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-33b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-340	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-340	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-340	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-340	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-340	Melanoma
hsa-mir-340	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-340	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-340	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-340	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Chordoma
hsa-mir-342	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-342	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-342	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Leukemia
hsa-mir-342	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-342	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-342	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-342	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-342	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-345	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-345	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Leukemia
hsa-mir-345	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Melanoma
hsa-mir-345	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-345	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Chordoma
hsa-mir-346	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-346	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-346	Melanoma
hsa-mir-346	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-346	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-346	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-34a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-34a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-34a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-34a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-34a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-34a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-34b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-34b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-34b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-34b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-34c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-34c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-34c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-34c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-34c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-34c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-361	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-361	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-361	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Chordoma
hsa-mir-361	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-361	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Leukemia
hsa-mir-361	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-361	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-361	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-361	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-361	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-361	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-362	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-362	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-362	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Leukemia
hsa-mir-362	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-362	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-362	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-362	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-362	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-362	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-363	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-363	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Leukemia
hsa-mir-363	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Melanoma
hsa-mir-363	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-363	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-363	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-363	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-363	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-365a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-365a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-365a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-365b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-365b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-367	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-367	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Leukemia
hsa-mir-367	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-367	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-369	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-369	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-369	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-369	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-369	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-369	Melanoma
hsa-mir-369	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-369	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-369	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-369	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-370	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-370	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-370	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-370	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-370	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-370	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-371	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-371	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Leukemia
hsa-mir-371	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-371	Melanoma
hsa-mir-371	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-371	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-371	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-371a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-372	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Leukemia
hsa-mir-372	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Melanoma
hsa-mir-372	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-373	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Leukemia
hsa-mir-373	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-373	Melanoma
hsa-mir-373	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-374a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-374a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-374a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-374a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-374a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-374a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-374a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-374a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-374a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-374b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-374b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-374b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-374b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-374b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-374b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-374b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-374b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-374b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-375	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-375	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-375	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-375	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-375	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-375	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-376a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-376a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-376a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-376a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-376a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-376a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-376b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-376b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-376b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-376b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-376b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-376b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-376b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-376c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-376c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-376c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-376c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-376c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-376c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-376c	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-377	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-377	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-377	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-377	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-377	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-377	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-377	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-377	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-378a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-378a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-378b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-378c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-378c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-378c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-378c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-378c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-378c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-378d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-378d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378e	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378f	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378h	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-379	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-379	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-379	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-379	Melanoma
hsa-mir-379	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-379	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-379	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-379	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-379	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-381	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-381	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-381	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-381	Melanoma
hsa-mir-381	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-381	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-381	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-382	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-382	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Chordoma
hsa-mir-382	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-382	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-382	Melanoma
hsa-mir-382	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-382	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-382	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-382	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-382	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-382	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-383	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-383	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-383	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-383	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-383	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-384	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-384	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-384	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Melanoma
hsa-mir-384	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-3940	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Melanoma
hsa-mir-3940	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3940	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-409	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-409	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-409	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-409	Melanoma
hsa-mir-409	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-409	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-409	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-409	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-410	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-410	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-410	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-410	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-410	Melanoma
hsa-mir-410	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-410	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-410	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-410	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-411	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-411	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-411	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-411	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-411	Melanoma
hsa-mir-411	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-411	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-411	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-421	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-421	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-421	Melanoma
hsa-mir-421	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-421	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-421	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-421	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-422a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-422a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-422a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-422a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-423	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-423	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-423	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-423	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Leukemia
hsa-mir-423	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-423	Melanoma
hsa-mir-423	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-423	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-423	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-423	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-423	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-424	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-424	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-424	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-424	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Leukemia
hsa-mir-424	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-424	Melanoma
hsa-mir-424	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-424	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-424	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-424	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-424	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-424	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-425	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-425	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Leukemia
hsa-mir-425	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-425	Melanoma
hsa-mir-425	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-425	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-425	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4257	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4257	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4257	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-4257	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4257	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4257	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4257	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-4257	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-429	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-429	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-429	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-429	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-429	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4306	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4306	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4306	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4306	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-431	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-431	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-431	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-431	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-431	Melanoma
hsa-mir-431	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-431	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-431	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-432	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-432	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-432	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Leukemia
hsa-mir-432	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-432	Melanoma
hsa-mir-432	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-432	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-432	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-432	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-433	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-433	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-433	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-433	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-433	Melanoma
hsa-mir-433	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-433	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-448	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-448	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-448	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-448	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-448	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-448	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-448	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-448	Melanoma
hsa-mir-448	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-448	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-448	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-449a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-449a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-449a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-449b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-449c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-449c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-450a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-450a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-450a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-450a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-450a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-450a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-450a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-450a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-450b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-450b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-450b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-450b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-451	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-451	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Leukemia
hsa-mir-451	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-451	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-451	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-451a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-451a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-451a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-452	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-452	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-452	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-452	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-452	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-452	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-452	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-454	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-454	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-454	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-454	Melanoma
hsa-mir-454	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-454	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-454	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-455	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-455	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-455	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-455	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-455	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Leukemia
hsa-mir-455	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-455	Melanoma
hsa-mir-455	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-455	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-455	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-455	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-455	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4792	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4792	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4792	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4792	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4792	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4792	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-483	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-483	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Chordoma
hsa-mir-483	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-483	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Leukemia
hsa-mir-483	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-483	Melanoma
hsa-mir-483	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-483	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-483	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-484	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-484	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Leukemia
hsa-mir-484	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-484	Melanoma
hsa-mir-484	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-484	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-485	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-485	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-485	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-485	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-485	Melanoma
hsa-mir-485	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-485	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-485	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-485	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-486	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-486	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-486	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Leukemia
hsa-mir-486	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-486	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-486	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-486	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-486	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-486	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-487a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-487a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-487a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-487a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-487a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-487a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-487a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-487a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-487b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-487b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-487b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-487b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-487b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-487b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-487b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-487b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-487b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-488	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-488	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Leukemia
hsa-mir-488	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-488	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-488	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-489	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-489	Melanoma
hsa-mir-489	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-489	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-489	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-490	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-490	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-490	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-490	Melanoma
hsa-mir-490	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-490	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-490	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-490	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-490	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-490	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-491	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Leukemia
hsa-mir-491	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Melanoma
hsa-mir-491	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-491	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-492	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Leukemia
hsa-mir-492	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-492	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-493	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-493	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-493	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-493	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Leukemia
hsa-mir-493	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-493	Melanoma
hsa-mir-493	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-493	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-493	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-493	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-493	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-493	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-494	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-494	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-494	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Leukemia
hsa-mir-494	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-494	Melanoma
hsa-mir-494	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-494	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-494	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-495	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-495	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-495	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-495	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Melanoma
hsa-mir-495	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-495	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-495	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-497	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-497	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Chordoma
hsa-mir-497	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-497	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-497	Melanoma
hsa-mir-497	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-497	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-497	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-497	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-498	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-498	Melanoma
hsa-mir-498	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-498	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-498	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-499a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-499a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-500a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-500a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-500a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-500b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-501	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-501	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Leukemia
hsa-mir-501	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-501	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-501	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-501	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-501	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-502	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-502	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-502	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Leukemia
hsa-mir-502	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-502	Melanoma
hsa-mir-502	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-502	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-502	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-502	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-503	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-503	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-503	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Leukemia
hsa-mir-503	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-503	Melanoma
hsa-mir-503	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-503	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-503	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-503	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-504	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-504	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-504	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Leukemia
hsa-mir-504	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-504	Melanoma
hsa-mir-504	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-504	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-504	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-505	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-505	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-505	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Leukemia
hsa-mir-505	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-505	Melanoma
hsa-mir-505	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-505	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-505	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-506	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-506	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-507	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-507	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-507	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-507	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-507	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-507	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-507	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-507	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-507	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-507	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-507	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-508	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Leukemia
hsa-mir-508	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-508	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-508	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-508	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-508	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-508	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-508	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-509	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-509	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-509	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Leukemia
hsa-mir-509	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-509	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-509	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-509	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-509	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-509	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-509	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-510	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-510	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-510	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-510	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-510	Leukemia
hsa-mir-510	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-510	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-510	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-510	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-511	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-511	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-511	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Melanoma
hsa-mir-511	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-512	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-512	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-512	Melanoma
hsa-mir-512	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-512	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-512	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-513a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-513a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-513a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-513a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-513a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-513a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-513b	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-513b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-513b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-513b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-513b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-513b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-513c	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-513c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-513c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-513c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-513c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-513c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-514a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-514a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-514a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-514a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-514a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-514a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-514a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-514a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-514a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-515	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-515	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-515	Melanoma
hsa-mir-515	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-515	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-516a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-516a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-516a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-516a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-516a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-516a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-516b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-516b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-516b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-516b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-517a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-517a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-517c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-518a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-518a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-518a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-518a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-518b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-518b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-518b	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-518c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-518c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-518c	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-518c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-518c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-518e	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-518e	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-518e	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Leukemia
hsa-mir-518e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-518e	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-518e	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518e	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-518f	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-518f	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-518f	Melanoma
hsa-mir-518f	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-519a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-519a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-519a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-519a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-519b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-519b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-519b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-519c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-519c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-519d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-519d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-519e	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-519e	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-519e	Melanoma
hsa-mir-519e	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-520a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-520a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-520a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-520b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-520b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-520b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-520b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-520c	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-520c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-520d	Melanoma
hsa-mir-520d	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-520d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-520e	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520e	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-520e	Melanoma
hsa-mir-520e	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-520f	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520f	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520f	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520f	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520f	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-520f	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520f	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520f	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520f	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-520f	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520g	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-520g	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-520g	Melanoma
hsa-mir-520g	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-520g	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520g	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520h	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520h	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-520h	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520h	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520h	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-520h	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-520h	Melanoma
hsa-mir-520h	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-520h	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520h	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520h	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-521	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-521	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-521	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-521	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-521	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-521	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-521	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-521	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-522	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-522	Melanoma
hsa-mir-522	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-522	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-522	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-523	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-523	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-523	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-523	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-523	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-524	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Melanoma
hsa-mir-524	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-524	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-525	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-525	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-525	Melanoma
hsa-mir-525	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-525	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-525	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-526a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-526a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-526b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-526b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-526b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-526b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-526b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-526b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-527	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-527	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-527	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-527	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-532	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-532	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-532	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Leukemia
hsa-mir-532	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-532	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-532	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-539	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-539	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-539	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Melanoma
hsa-mir-539	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-539	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-539	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-542	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-542	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-542	Melanoma
hsa-mir-542	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-542	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-542	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-542	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-542	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-544a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-544a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-544a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-544b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-544b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-544b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-544b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-545	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-545	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-545	Melanoma
hsa-mir-545	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-545	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-545	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-545	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-548a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-548a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-548a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-548a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-548a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-548b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-548b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-548b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-548b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-548b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-548c	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-548c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-548c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-548c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-548c	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-548d	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-548d	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-548d	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Melanoma
hsa-mir-548d	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-548d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-550a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-550a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-550a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-550a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-550b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-551a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-551a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-551a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-551a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-552	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-552	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-552	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-552	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-557	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-557	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-557	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-557	Melanoma
hsa-mir-557	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-557	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-557	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-561	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-561	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-561	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-561	Melanoma
hsa-mir-561	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-564	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Leukemia
hsa-mir-564	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-564	Melanoma
hsa-mir-564	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-564	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-564	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-566	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-566	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-566	Leukemia
hsa-mir-566	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-566	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-566	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-567	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-567	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-567	Melanoma
hsa-mir-567	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-567	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-569	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-569	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-569	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-569	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-569	Melanoma
hsa-mir-569	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-569	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-569	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-569	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-570	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-570	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-570	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-570	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-570	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-571	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-571	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-571	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-571	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-571	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-571	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-571	Leukemia
hsa-mir-571	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-571	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-571	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-571	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-572	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-572	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Chordoma
hsa-mir-572	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-572	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-572	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Leukemia
hsa-mir-572	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-572	Melanoma
hsa-mir-572	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-572	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-574	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-574	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-574	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-574	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-574	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Leukemia
hsa-mir-574	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-574	Melanoma
hsa-mir-574	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-574	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-574	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-574	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-575	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-575	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-575	Melanoma
hsa-mir-575	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-575	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-575	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-577	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-577	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Melanoma
hsa-mir-577	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-582	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-582	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-582	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Leukemia
hsa-mir-582	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-582	Melanoma
hsa-mir-582	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-582	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-582	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-582	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-583	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-583	Melanoma
hsa-mir-583	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-583	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-584	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-584	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-584	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Leukemia
hsa-mir-584	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-584	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-584	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-584	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-584	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-589	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-589	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-589	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Leukemia
hsa-mir-589	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Melanoma
hsa-mir-589	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-589	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-590	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-590	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Leukemia
hsa-mir-590	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-590	Melanoma
hsa-mir-590	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-590	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-590	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-590	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-591	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-591	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-591	Melanoma
hsa-mir-591	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-591	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-592	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-592	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-592	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Melanoma
hsa-mir-592	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-592	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-592	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-592	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-593	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-593	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Leukemia
hsa-mir-593	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-593	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-593	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-593	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-595	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-595	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-595	Melanoma
hsa-mir-595	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-595	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-596	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-596	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-596	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-596	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-596	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-598	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-598	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-598	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-598	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-598	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-598	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-598	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-598	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-599	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-599	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-599	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-599	Leukemia
hsa-mir-599	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-599	Melanoma
hsa-mir-600	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-600	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-600	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-600	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-600	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-600	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-600	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-600	Melanoma
hsa-mir-600	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-600	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-601	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-601	Melanoma
hsa-mir-601	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-602	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Chordoma
hsa-mir-602	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-602	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-602	Melanoma
hsa-mir-602	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-603	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-603	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-603	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-603	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-603	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-603	Melanoma
hsa-mir-603	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-603	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-605	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Leukemia
hsa-mir-605	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-605	Melanoma
hsa-mir-605	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-608	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-608	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-608	Melanoma
hsa-mir-608	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-608	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-610	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-610	Melanoma
hsa-mir-610	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-610	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-611	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-611	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-611	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-611	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-611	Melanoma
hsa-mir-611	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-611	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-611	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-611	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-612	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-612	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Melanoma
hsa-mir-612	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-612	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-612	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-614	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-614	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-615	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-615	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Leukemia
hsa-mir-615	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-615	Melanoma
hsa-mir-615	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-615	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-616	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-616	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-616	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-616	Melanoma
hsa-mir-616	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-616	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-616	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-616	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-617	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-617	Melanoma
hsa-mir-617	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-617	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-617	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-617	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-619	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-619	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-619	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-619	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-619	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-619	Melanoma
hsa-mir-619	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-619	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-621	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-621	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-621	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-621	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-621	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-621	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-621	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-621	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-621	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-622	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-622	Melanoma
hsa-mir-622	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-622	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-622	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-624	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-624	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-624	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-624	Melanoma
hsa-mir-624	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-624	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-624	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-624	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-624	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-625	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-625	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Leukemia
hsa-mir-625	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-625	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-625	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-625	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-627	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-627	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-627	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-627	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-627	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-628	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-628	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-628	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Leukemia
hsa-mir-628	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-628	Melanoma
hsa-mir-628	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-628	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-628	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-628	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-629	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-629	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Leukemia
hsa-mir-629	Melanoma
hsa-mir-629	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-629	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-629	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-630	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-630	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-630	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-632	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-632	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-632	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-632	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-632	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-632	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-632	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-632	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-632	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-632	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-633	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-633	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-633	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-635	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-635	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-635	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-635	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-635	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-635	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-635	Melanoma
hsa-mir-635	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-635	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-635	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-636	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-636	Melanoma
hsa-mir-636	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-636	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-636	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-637	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-637	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Leukemia
hsa-mir-637	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-637	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-637	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Chordoma
hsa-mir-638	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-638	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-638	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Leukemia
hsa-mir-638	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-638	Melanoma
hsa-mir-638	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-640	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-640	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-640	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-640	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-640	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-640	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-640	Melanoma
hsa-mir-640	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-640	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-641	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-641	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-641	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-641	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-641	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-641	Melanoma
hsa-mir-641	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-641	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-641	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-642a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-642a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-642a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-642a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-642b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-642b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-646	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-646	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-647	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-647	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-647	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-647	Melanoma
hsa-mir-647	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-647	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-648	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-648	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-648	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-648	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-648	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-648	Melanoma
hsa-mir-648	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-648	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-648	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-648	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-648	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-648	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-648	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-650	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-650	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-650	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-650	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-652	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Chordoma
hsa-mir-652	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-652	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-652	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Leukemia
hsa-mir-652	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-652	Melanoma
hsa-mir-652	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-652	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-652	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-652	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-654	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-654	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-654	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-654	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-654	Melanoma
hsa-mir-654	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-654	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-654	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-655	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-655	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-655	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Melanoma
hsa-mir-655	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-655	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-655	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-657	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-657	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-657	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-657	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-657	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-657	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-657	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-657	Melanoma
hsa-mir-657	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-657	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-658	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-658	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-658	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-658	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-659	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-659	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-659	Melanoma
hsa-mir-659	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-659	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-659	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-660	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-660	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-660	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-660	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-660	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-661	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-661	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-661	Melanoma
hsa-mir-661	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-661	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-662	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-662	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-662	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-662	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-662	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-662	Leukemia
hsa-mir-662	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-662	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-662	Melanoma
hsa-mir-662	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-662	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-662	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Chordoma
hsa-mir-663	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-663	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-663	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Leukemia
hsa-mir-663	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-663	Melanoma
hsa-mir-663	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-663	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-663	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-663a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-663b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-663b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-663b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-663b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-663b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-663b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-663b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-664	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-664	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-664	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Leukemia
hsa-mir-664	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-664	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-664	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-664	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-664	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-668	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-668	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-668	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-668	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-668	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-671	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-671	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Chordoma
hsa-mir-671	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-671	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-671	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-671	Melanoma
hsa-mir-671	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-671	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-671	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-671	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-671	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-675	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-675	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-675	Melanoma
hsa-mir-675	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-675	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-675	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-675	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-7	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-7	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-7	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Leukemia
hsa-mir-7	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-7	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-7	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-7	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-7	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-7	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-7	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-708	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-708	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-708	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Leukemia
hsa-mir-708	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Melanoma
hsa-mir-708	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-708	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-708	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-711	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-711	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-711	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-711	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-711	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-711	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-711	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-711	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-718	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-718	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-718	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-718	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-718	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-718	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-718	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-744	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Chordoma
hsa-mir-744	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-744	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Leukemia
hsa-mir-744	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-744	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-744	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-758	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-758	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-758	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-758	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-758	Melanoma
hsa-mir-758	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-758	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Chordoma
hsa-mir-760	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-760	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-760	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Leukemia
hsa-mir-760	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-760	Melanoma
hsa-mir-760	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-760	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-760	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-765	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Leukemia
hsa-mir-765	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-765	Melanoma
hsa-mir-765	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-765	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-765	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-766	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-766	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-766	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-766	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Leukemia
hsa-mir-766	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Melanoma
hsa-mir-766	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-766	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-766	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-767	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-767	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-767	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-767	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-767	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-767	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-769	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-769	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-769	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-769	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Leukemia
hsa-mir-769	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-769	Melanoma
hsa-mir-769	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-769	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-769	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-769	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-873	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-873	Melanoma
hsa-mir-873	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-873	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-874	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-874	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-874	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-874	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Leukemia
hsa-mir-874	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-874	Melanoma
hsa-mir-874	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-874	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Chordoma
hsa-mir-885	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-885	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-885	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-885	Melanoma
hsa-mir-885	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-885	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-885	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-885	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-9	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-9	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-9	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-9	Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-9	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-9	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-922	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-922	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-922	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-922	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-922	Leukemia
hsa-mir-922	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-922	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-922	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-922	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-922	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-922	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-92	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Leukemia
hsa-mir-92	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-92	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-92a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-92a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-92a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-92a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-92a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-92b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-92b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-92b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-92b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-92b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-92b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-92b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-92b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-93	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Chordoma
hsa-mir-93	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-93	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Leukemia
hsa-mir-93	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-93	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-93	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-93	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-93	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-933	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-933	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-933	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-933	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-933	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-935	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Leukemia
hsa-mir-935	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-935	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-935	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-935	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-938	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-938	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-938	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-938	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-938	Leukemia
hsa-mir-938	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-938	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-938	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-938	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-941	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-941	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-941	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-941	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-941	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-941	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-941	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-941	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-941	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-941	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-942	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-942	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-942	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-942	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Leukemia
hsa-mir-942	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Melanoma
hsa-mir-942	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-942	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-944	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-944	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-944	Leukemia
hsa-mir-944	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Melanoma
hsa-mir-944	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-944	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-944	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-95	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-95	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Leukemia
hsa-mir-95	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-95	Melanoma
hsa-mir-95	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-95	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-95	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-96	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-96	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Leukemia
hsa-mir-96	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-96	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-96	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-96	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-96	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-96	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-98	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-98	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-98	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Leukemia
hsa-mir-98	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-98	Melanoma
hsa-mir-98	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-98	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-98	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-98	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-98	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-99a	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-99a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Chordoma
hsa-mir-99a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-99a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-99a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-99a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-99a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Carcinoma, Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-99a	Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Oral
hsa-mir-99a	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-99a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Urinary Bladder Cancer
hsa-mir-99b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Chordoma
hsa-mir-99b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-99b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-99b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-99b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-99b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-99b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Sarcoma [unspecific]
hsa-mir-99b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1207	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1224	Head And Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124a	Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-128	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1280	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1280	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1280	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1280	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285	Leukemia
hsa-mir-129	Leukemia
hsa-mir-218	Leukemia
hsa-mir-24	Leukemia
hsa-mir-320b	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-320c	Leukemia
hsa-mir-320c	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d	Leukemia
hsa-mir-450a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-511	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Leukemia
hsa-mir-548d	Leukemia
hsa-mir-720	Carcinoma, Adrenocortical
hsa-mir-720	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Chordoma
hsa-mir-720	Colorectal Carcinoma
hsa-mir-720	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Leukemia
hsa-mir-720	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-885	Leukemia
hsa-mir-941	Leukemia
